ignisium dagger:
"Flaming Combo": hits increase the target’s burn duration (1 hit -> 1 second). (for 10 seconds following a 30s cooldown)
"Pyromaniac": when the attacker is burning, with the next hit, he can set his target ablaze and heals 5hp (50 second cooldown)

inanisium dagger:
"Stepping through the void" grants a short teleport (5 blocks) on rightclick (5 second cooldown)
"Sudden Presence": Teleports you behind the nearest hostile Mob in a 20 block radius. (2min cooldown)

somnium dagger:
"Absolute Nightmare": every 3rd Critical hit inflicts Darkness and Weakness for a short duration.
"Lucid dreaming": Hitting an enemy grants a short burst of speed and reduced fall damage.

electrium dagger:
"Areal-discharge": strikes lightning on all entities (hostile mobs) in a 5 block radius (5min cooldown)
"Chargeattack": the next 20 hits on any mob charge up damage, which is discharged on the 21st hit dealing a high amount of damage. (2min cooldown)
additional Passive:
"Chain-Lightning": chains to 2 other hostile mobs when in under 10 blocks of range from the target.

taifunite dagger:
"Eye of the storm": create a strom around you that lets all enemies in a 10 block radius levitate and whirl around. (1min cooldown)
"Windy Dash": makes it possible to perform a dash, shooting you 6 blocks forward. (5 second cooldown)
Additional Passive:
When equipped, can perform a double jump (jumping once without having contact to the floor)

vulnusium dagger:
"Deep Wound": the next crit deals doubled damage and applies the slowness effect (2 seconds). (cooldown: 30 seconds)
"Leech": the next 10 attacks each leech 10% of the target's maximum health. (cooldown: 15 seconds)

overgrown dagger:
"routing roots": all enemies within 5 blocks cannot move for the next 10 seconds and get poison damage.
"poisoned vein": killing an enemy spawns a poison cloud that doesn't affect the attacker.

morsium dagger:
"strenghtend bones": when killing an enemy, get invincible for 10 seconds
"Storing anger": you don't deal any damage for the next 10 seconds, then the next attack will release all the stored damage at once
additional Passive:
"Death March": damage increases the lower the enemy hp get during a fight (up to 2x damage).
"revenge": deal 20% more damage to undead mobs

pulsite dagger:
"Sonically Charged Crit": the next Crit deals 15% of the enemies damage. (releasing the sonic boom effect particals)
"Sonic Boom": the next 6 attacks will have an increased range of 4 blocks